Experimental/Declarative Testing API (#28)
Centigrade/ngtx: docs/EXAMPLES.md

>
> For those who are new to Angular application testing with ngtx, we recommend to start with the [first steps article][firststeps]. After this article you should be good to go with the examples in this article. This article primarily targets developers that already know ngtx or at least have experience with writing Angular tests.
>
> ### Declarative Testing API
>
> Formal documentation of ngtx' [declarative testing api][declarativetests] helping you to write beautiful, simple and robust tests.
>
> ### Feature Overview
>
> You may want to visit our [feature overview page][features] listing some helpers, to quickly explore what ngtx can do for you.

---

</details>

&nbsp;

This article gives a basic overview on a range of ngtx helpers.

> The following examples are taken from real world applications and show in what way ngtx can help writing tests that are easier to read and maintain. Please note that the following test-cases are actually coming from _different_ components, i.e. multiple, unrelated test-suites. They are put here together for the sake of brevity. In a real application they must remain in separated test-suites with their own `TestBed`s and `fixtures`, of course.

Author: ```suggestion
The following examples are influenced by real enterprise applications, ngtx was used in. It demonstrates how ngtx can help you writing tests that are easier to read and maintain. Please note that the following test-cases are actually coming from _different_ components, i.e. multiple, unrelated test-suites. They are put here together for the sake of brevity. In a real application they must remain in separated test-suites with their own `TestBed`s and `fixtures`, of course.
```
